README.md, before:

# Experiment - 2025 June

I'm using jsPsych to design this simple experiment. The data is stored with Firebase, and I use the export.py script to extract all of the data as a JSON and "flatten" it to a csv. I then use R to analyse the data. This is the first time I'm using this set up, so there is a lot that I'm learning. I will document what I learn here.

V1

+ Store information about participant reloading the page - Done
+ Record browser interactions - Done
+ Integrating with Prolific - Done but need to test with Prolific (see https://www.jspsych.org/v8/overview/prolific/)
+ Make posts full width on mobile - Done
+ Split and reorder the questions: guess general, guess friends, your answers, memory - Done
+ Add first page with consent etc. - Done

### To do list 

Questionnaire V2

+ Media Preloading
+ Automatic Progress Bar
+ Center and style bigger buttons

Analysis V1

+ Generate data with _Simulation Modes_ - alright so apparently that won't work because simulate is very bad with forms
+ Clean the csv
+ Write the analysis


### Running the experiment

+ This version of the experiment is already a shorter version than the one I want to do later on, but I think I can make it even shorter by removing a couple of questions on parts 4 and 5 related to social norms
+ I then need to run a tiny sample to test and time the tool
+ Then I re-do a little power analysis to determine the minimum sample size, and based on the timing from the pilot I can estimate the total cost from Prolific (payment to participants).


> Learning

When I uploaded the main.html for the first time, I got an email warning me that anyone with read access can view _exposed secrets_. I panicked and rotated the key, only to then realise that I wouldn't be able to really hide a key and use it here (or at least I don't know how to do that). After setting up a website restriction I feel like it's okay to have the key exposed.

To set up VS Code to give export.py access to Firebase, I need to get my service account JSON key file from: https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/serviceaccounts (select project, generate and download a JSON key file) and then run the line below in the terminal. If I lose the JSON file, I have to create a new key and delete the old one.

`export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="/path/to/your/service-account-key.json"`

Commit message:

adding design and power analysis

README.md, after:

# Experiment - 2025 June

I'm using jsPsych to design this simple experiment. The data is stored with Firebase, and I use the export.py script to extract all of the data as a JSON and "flatten" it to a csv. I then use R to analyse the data. This is the first time I'm using this set up, so there is a lot that I'm learning. I will document what I learn here.

Tool and questionnaire V1

+ Store information about participant reloading the page
+ Record browser interactions
+ Integrating with Prolific - but need to test with Prolific (see https://www.jspsych.org/v8/overview/prolific/)
+ Make posts full width on mobile
+ Split and reorder the questions: guess general, guess friends, your answers, memory
+ Add first page with consent etc.
+ Center and style bigger buttons

Design and power analysis V1

+ Use D-optimisation to select the fractional factorial design of the experiment
+ Simulate a dataset based on the optimised design
+ Run a power analysis
+ Plot the power for each regression with semPlot

### To do list 

Tool and questionnaire V2

+ I need to run a pilot to check my manipulation. What is actually changing across the groups?
+ interaction with counter movement, like related to inoculation. which overcomes the other?
+ Media Preloading?
+ Automatic Progress Bar
+ Maybe I should add other statements in the main question, related to considering voting for candidates that a b c, and how often people talk positively about climate issues? I don't know, something that would indicate other forms of civic action? But then this is not about measuring action anyways, so I don't know what makes sense. Like "being a climate activist is kinda cool". Or maybe some unrelated negative things, like issues with immigration or something? Like more related to backfire effects.
+ Should I change the treatment nondisruptive to something like unusual supporters, like farmers or something?
+ Add something at the end like "we are doing similar studies in the future that you can participate, which topics would you be most interested to read about:" and a checkbox if they would like to participate
+ not every treatment needs to hold ecological validity, some can be there just to make a hypothetical point

Analysis V1

+ Generate data with _Simulation Modes_ - alright so apparently that won't work because simulate is very bad with forms
+ Clean the csv
+ Write the analysis


### Running the experiment

+ This version of the experiment is already a shorter version than the one I want to do later on, but I think I can make it even shorter by removing a couple of questions on parts 4 and 5 related to social norms
+ I then need to run a tiny sample to test and time the tool
+ Then I re-do a little power analysis to determine the minimum sample size, and based on the timing from the pilot I can estimate the total cost from Prolific (payment to participants).


> Learning

When I uploaded the main.html for the first time, I got an email warning me that anyone with read access can view _exposed secrets_. I panicked and rotated the key, only to then realise that I wouldn't be able to really hide a key and use it here (or at least I don't know how to do that). After setting up a website restriction I feel like it's okay to have the key exposed.

To set up VS Code to give export.py access to Firebase, I need to get my service account JSON key file from: https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/serviceaccounts (select project, generate and download a JSON key file) and then run the line below in the terminal. If I lose the JSON file, I have to create a new key and delete the old one.

`export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="/path/to/your/service-account-key.json"`
